README.md, before:

Community Management
====================

Utilities using octokit to help with managing community repositories and PR Triage.

Github Setup
--------------

For authentication, follow the steps here to get your OAth token generated: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use . The default scope options are fine.
You can set your Github OAuth token in the `GITHUB_COMMUNITY_TOKEN` environment variable instead of using the `-t` option.

Initial Setup
--------------

Install required libraries: eg
'bundle install --path .bundle/gems/'

An Example Run
---------------

An example for running stats on all supported puppetlabs modules:
'bundle exec ruby stats.rb -n puppetlabs --puppetlabs-supported -t (ACCESS TOKEN HERE) -o -w'

Pull Requests
--------------

Display pull requests on modules in a github organisation, filtered by various
criteria. Use the `--help` flag to see all parameters.

Release Planning
-----------------

Show modules that should receive a release "soon". Use the `--help` flag to see
all parameters.

Stats
------

Retrieve modules stats and publishes a report. Use the `--help` flag to see all parameters.
To view the report:
'open report.html'

Labels
-------

Puts a set of labels into each repository. Creates them in a non destructive way.
By default, it will run against supported Puppet modules, but you can run it on
a single module repository in a few ways:

* `--repo <namespace/repo>`
* `--repo` (uses the first found of the `upstream` or `origin` remotes of CWD)
* `--remote <name>` (uses the url of the remote name passed in the CWD)

Npc
----

Updates the modules with comments and labels pull requests that require rebase.

Commit message:

(maint) adds a script to update topics on repos
This uses the same repository inspection as labels.rb, so it accepts the
same options. It also adds another global option of `-g`/`--group` which
is a quick & simple switch between `modules.json` and `tools.json`.

README.md, after:

Community Management
====================

Utilities using octokit to help with managing community repositories and PR Triage.

Github Setup
--------------

For authentication, follow the steps here to get your OAth token generated: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-an-access-token-for-command-line-use . The default scope options are fine.
You can set your Github OAuth token in the `GITHUB_COMMUNITY_TOKEN` environment variable instead of using the `-t` option.

Initial Setup
--------------

Install required libraries: eg
'bundle install --path .bundle/gems/'

An Example Run
---------------

An example for running stats on all supported puppetlabs modules:
'bundle exec ruby stats.rb -n puppetlabs --puppetlabs-supported -t (ACCESS TOKEN HERE) -o -w'

Pull Requests
--------------

Display pull requests on modules in a github organisation, filtered by various
criteria. Use the `--help` flag to see all parameters.

Release Planning
-----------------

Show modules that should receive a release "soon". Use the `--help` flag to see
all parameters.

Stats
------

Retrieve modules stats and publishes a report. Use the `--help` flag to see all parameters.
To view the report:
'open report.html'

Labels
-------

Puts a set of labels into each repository. Creates them in a non destructive way.
By default, it will run against supported Puppet modules, but you can run it on
a single module repository in a few ways:

* `--repo <namespace/repo>`
* `--repo` (uses the first found of the `upstream` or `origin` remotes of CWD)
* `--remote <name>` (uses the url of the remote name passed in the CWD)

Topics
-------

Ensures a set of topics on repos. Works in a non destructive way unless you instruct
it to delete topics. By default, if will run against IAC supported modules, but
you can use the same individual repository options as you can with Labels.

Npc
----

Updates the modules with comments and labels pull requests that require rebase.
